# Freelance Hackademy

## Step 0 - Introduction

Freelance Hackademy is a free initiative whose goal is to teach people about
software development freelancing and help them become freelancers.

Instead of being restricted to your local companies, you can choose to work
for companies from the entire world that are willing to hire remotely.

### FAQ

*What is freelancing?*

It's a type of job where you are self-employed and you are working remotely (mostly).
You work from anywhere, anytime. It all depends on yourself. For more info check the
[Wikipedia article about freelancing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freelancer).

*Who am I?*

I'm remote freelancer with 6 years of experience. I do web development in Ruby and JavaScript.

*What's the purpose of the initiative?*

With this initative I want to spread the knowledge and information I've gathered in the past
6 years.

*Who can take part in the initative?*

Anyone! I give precedence to students:

* with a lot of free time (non-full semesters)
* that don't use Windows (sorry, no time to debug that)

*How do I apply?*

Send an email to <a href="mailto:shime.ferovac@gmail.com">shime.ferovac@gmail.com</a> with the 
subject that begins with "[Freelance Hackademy]" and write a couple of sentences about yourself.

Do you have experience with programming? Do you have experience with Ruby? Which OS do you use?
What are you expecting out of the academy? How much time do you have for academy activities?

*What's the signing quota?*

10 people for a start.

*What's the plan?*

Plan is for me to guide you and make you a "roadmap" whose goal is to make you a freelancer.
I'm not going to be your private StackOverflow, but a mentor that's going to guide you to become
a freelancer.

*What's the format of the academy?*

For now it's this Github repo.
We also have a [Slack group](https://freelancehackademy.slack.com/),
send me an email at <a href="mailto:shime.ferovac@gmail.com">shime.ferovac@gmail.com</a> to get an invite.

---

• [Next](/steps/1.md)
